Have you ever dreamed of running a bookshop?
You can have a go for a week at the Open Book Store in Wigton, Scotland.
In fact, if you book a holiday at the self-catering flat on Airbnb, you also have to work for 40 hours in the bookshop downstairs.
A week in the flat costs £150.
You won’t get paid for working, but you can use your own creative ideas to sell books and gain valuable experience.
Wigton is Scotland’s national book town and this new venture is attracting interest from all over the world.
Few people would choose a prison as the location for a special evening out.
However, Italy has launched its first restaurant to be located in a real jail. 
At the Ingalera Restaurant in Bollate prison, Milan, there are four prisoners working as waiters and five others cooking in the kitchen, headed by a professional chef and a maître.
It is a ground-breaking project, which allows prisoners to be gradually included into society.
The reataurant has had great reviews: everyone says the food is worth going to prison for.
Grannies are very important for female elephants.
A Behavioural Psychologist at the University of Stirling has been studying elephant herds in Kenya for decades.
Her studies have found that the survival of female elephants and their success at reproducing is helped not only by having a mum but also by having a grandma.
Female elephants support each other and protect and care for calves as a group and the grandmothers play an important role. 
Elephants and girls should never forget their gran.
Leonardo DiCaprio has finally won his first Oscar after six nominations.
DiCaprio received a standing ovation as he picked up the award for his role in The Revenant.
He said the film was “about man’s relationship to the natural world”.
He used the opportunity to raise awareness about climate change, a subject he is passionate about.
“Climate change is real – it is happening right now,” said DiCaprio.
“It is the most urgent threat facing our species, and we need to work collectively together and stop procrastinating.”
He added: “Let us not take this planet for granted. I do not take tonight for granted.”
A recent survey by the National Association of Professional Organizers reveals that 54% of Americans feel overwhelmed by clutter and 78% have no idea what to do with it.
According to psychologists, people accumulate things because they are unhappy but having too many posessions brings stress and more unhappiness.
Minimalists say you can live better if you focus only on what’s really important and get rid of your excess stuff.
You can donate things you don’t need to charity.
Minimalism is not new.
Some of the ancient Greek philosophers were advocates, as were Mahatma Gandhi and Leo Tolstoy.
There may be more joy in owning less than in constantly accumulating more.
Have you already set your goals for the New Year?
Do you want to lose 10 kilos, run a marathon or speak fluent English?
Some experts believe that you need systems, not goals.
A system is something you do on a regular basis.
This means focusing on what you can control (your actions) rather than what you can’t (the unpredictable).
For example, don’t focus on losing 10 kilos, focus on shopping for healthy food and cooking something light every day.
Don’t focus on the marathon; focus on the training schedule.
Invent a system to improve your English, one step at a time.
Good luck!
Workers in Australia, have a new hotline they can call when they feel stressed and overworked.
The new counselling service, called Talk2Me, will charge its users $2,97 per minute to talk to a counsellor who promises to “just listen” to their work complaints.
Of course, the service offers more than just a friendly ear: the counsellors have special skills.
It’s not the same as  just talking to a friend.
For one thing,  they do not interrupt with their own tales.
Just make sure you don’t talk for too long, otherwise you could end up more stressed when you get the bill.
Would you use this service?     
you’re going to propose in the near future, don’t worry if you can’t afford a massive engagement ring.
A recent study suggests that the bigger the ring is, the shorter the marriage will be.
Economics professors at Emory University in America have shown that bigger isn’t always better.
In fact, men who spend between £1200 – £2000 on an engagement ring are actually 1.3 times more likely to divorce, than those who spend between £300 – £1200.
Of course, these statistics don’t prove that a large ring is the cause of the problem.
They simply show a correlation.
However it seems clear that if you place more importance on the cost of the ring, than the man you’re about to marry, it’s not a promising sign.
Do you think the size of an engagement ring is important?
A Scottish PE teacher has invented a new fitness craze, which is rapidly catching on.
The Highland Hustle is a mix of Scottish Highland dancing, ceilidh steps and muscle toning exercises.
Of course, it is also accompanied by fast funky music.
At present, there is only one class, in Scotland, but there are several workout videos that can be downloaded from the official website.
The routines, which last just half an hour, are designed for busy people with any fitness level.
The workout promises to improve your level of fitness, but it will not teach you to be a highland dancer.
A woman accidentally deleted every digital photo she had ever taken.
Amy Molloy lost 2,600 pictures, including those of her late husband.
It happened when she transferred her pictures from her ex boyfriend’s laptop to a hard disc.
She only discovered months later that the disc was empty.
By that time, her ex had deleted all of the original pictures.
Surprisingly, she was not totally devastated.
In fact, she thinks that looking at old photos can keep us stuck in the past.
In the days before digital cameras, photographs naturally aged, faded and wrinkled, just like people, and Amy thinks that maybe it’s better that way.
Are you looking for a holiday home in Italy?
Why not buy a home in the picturesque town of Gangi for one Euro?
This offer may seem too good to be true, but there’s a catch: you have to promise to renovate the property within three years and this could cost you €20,000.
Gangi’s mayor came up with the idea to put some life back into the Sicilian town.
Poverty caused many inhabitants to leave after World War II.
The idea is attracting interest from all over the world.
Would you buy one of these homes?
Do you work in an open plan office?
If so, it may be damaging your health.
A recent study of employees in Denmark found that people who work in open spaces take significantly more sick leave.
The biggest problem with the open office is simply noise.
In another study by the Cornell University psychologists Gary Evans and Dana Johnson, clerical workers who were exposed to open-office noise for three hours became less motivated and less creative.
The open office was invented in Germany, in the nineteen-fifties, to facilitate communication and idea flow but recent evidence suggests that the opposite is true.
The city of Salzburg has refused to renew a licence for a silent disco after complaints that it was too loud and wild.
At a silent disco people listen to music on wireless headphones, broadcast via a radio transmitter.
If you don’t have headphones, it just looks like a room full of people dancing to no music.
However the Mayor of Salzburg, Heinz Schaden, said it was still too loud for residents who like to sleep with their windows open in summer.
They are upset about young people coming and going, late at night.
If the city refuses to renew the licence, the owner says he will organise a “silent demonstration”.
Traditionally, authors use words to create emotions in their readers.
Researchers at Massachusetts Institute of Technology have created a new ‘wearable’ book to enhance this experience.
It allows the reader to feel the protagonist’s emotions physically.
Using a combination of sensors, the book triggers vibration patterns through a special vest.
The vest also contains a personal heating device to change skin temperature and airbags, which tighten or loosen it.
It’s the first ever book that can give the reader a virtual hug.
A 14 year-old boy of Indian origin has come up with a clever plan, which could save the U.S government up to $400 million per year, simply by changing the font they use on official documents.
Suvir Mirchandani had the idea while thinking of ways to cut waste and save money for a project at school.
He noticed that his school used a lot of handouts and considered recycling to save paper.
Suvir also wanted to find a way to cut down on ink, which, he says, is twice as expensive as French perfume.
He experimented with different fonts and found that Garamond uses 24% less ink.
It is incredible to think that such a small change could result in such a huge saving.
According to Kathleen Vohs, a marketing professor at the University of Minnesota, working in a messy space can boost creativity.
In an experiment, she put 48 people into messy or tidy rooms, and asked them think of new uses for Ping-Pong balls.
The people in both rooms came up with about the same number of ideas, but, the messy room subjects came up with more highly creative ideas; five times more to be precise.
So, do you need to make your workplace messier?
Maybe not!
When interviewed by Inc. Vohs agreed that a messy room may be best for brainstorming, but an orderly setting might be better for a fast meeting where a quick decision is required.
Montreal company is showing how cities can feed themselves with rooftop gardens.
Lufa Farms, founded in 2009, built the world’s first commercial rooftop greenhouse in 2011.
Customers order on-line, the food is harvested in the morning and delivered a few hours later to pick-up points around the city.
So there is no waste.
For $30 a week, customers get a weekly basket of fresh organic food.
As the world population continues to grow, good farmland is rapidly disappearing.
Farming on rooftops gives urban residents access to local produce that they would otherwise have imported from hundreds of miles away.
Recently a story began spreading via social media that knitters were needed to make sweaters for penguins hurt in an oil spill.
Soon, some people claimed it was a hoax.
In fact, it seems that the sweaters will not be worn by real penguins, but by toy penguins.
However, these toys will be sold to raise funds for the penguin foundation.
So if you really want to knit a penguin sweater, go ahead — but bear in mind that the cost of shipping it to Australia won’t be cheap.
Alternatively, you might just want to donate some money directly to the Penguin Foundation or even adopt a penguin.
The Italian town of Ivrea is preparing 500 tonnes of oranges for its annual Carnival festival.
The oranges aren’t for eating, however, they are for throwing.
In fact, teams of locals will re-create a historic battle between the townsfolk, on foot, and a ruling tyrant and his men, in carts.
The oranges, which are leftovers from the winter crop, are thrown at full force and bruises and other injuries are not uncommon.
Spectators who don’t want to be pelted should wear a red cap at all times.
It’s a colourful, cheerful and deliciously orange-scented event.
A tourist from Taiwan had to be rescued after falling off a pier in Melbourne, Australia because she was checking her Facebook page.
The woman, who couldn’t swim, was taken to hospital for a check-up but was unhurt.
Incredibly, she didn’t even lose her phone:
she kept hold of it throughout the ordeal.
According to research, accidents like these are on the rise.
The age group most at risk for cell-phone related injuries while walking is adults under 30.
Other incidents include walking in front of moving traffic and falling off bridges.
The senior police Constable in Melbourne warned people to pay more attention when using social media around water.
If you visit a café and the staff are rude you can choose not to go back, but what happens when it’s the customers who are impolite?
A French Café has decided to reward polite customers and punish rude ones by implementing some unusual coffee price variations.
According to the menu board, ‘a coffee’ costs €7 while ‘a coffee, please’ costs a more affordable €4.50.
Of course, there’s an even cheaper option:
‘hello, can I have a coffee, please?’
will cost you just €1.40.
Sometimes it pays to be polite and if you are in a bad mood you can always choose another café.
The people of Glasgow have managed to convince the city council not to kill off a much-loved tradition.
For years, locals have repeatedly placed a traffic cone on the Duke of Wellington’s head  (on a statue of the Duke on his horse).
The council complained that it cost £100 a time to have the cone removed and revealed plans to raise the statue to stop people from climbing up.
The people responded by launching a petition, which gathered 10,613 signatures in less than 24 hours.
The petition organizers said ‘The cone on Wellington’s head is an iconic part of Glasgow’s heritage.’
If you took the subway on Wednesday you may have got a shock when you noticed another passenger who had ‘forgotten’ to put on his pants (or trousers in the UK).
If so, he was probably taking part in the ‘No Pants Subway Ride‘:
an annual event, which began as a prank by a group of New Yorkers in 2002.
The idea is to get on the subway without pants and act completely normal.
The participants do not behave as if they know each other, and they all wear winter coats, hats, scarves, and gloves.
The only unusual thing is their lack of pants.
Over the last decade, the silly trend has spread to undergrounds all across the planet.
